Add note about squash commits (#3721)
astronomer/docs: astro/ci-cd-templates/circleci.md

For each Deployment that you use with DAG deploy templates, you must [enable DAG deploys](deploy-dags.md).

> :::tip
> 
> When you stage multiple commits locally that include DAG changes, and then push them all to your remote branch simultaneously, the DAG deploy template only deploys DAG code changes from the most recent commit. It might miss any code changes made in previous commits.
> 
> Either push commits individually or configure your repository to **Squash commits** for pull requests that merge multiple commits simultanouesly.
> 
> :::

Author: ```suggestion
:::info

If you stage multiple commits to DAG files and push them all at once to your remote branch, the template only deploys DAG code changes from the most recent commit. It will miss any code changes made in previous commits.

To avoid this, either push commits individually or configure your repository to **Squash commits** for pull requests that merge multiple commits simultaneously.

:::
```
